[chore] [pkg/translator/prometheus] Update documentation (#23209)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/translator/prometheus/README.md

| Percentages (unit is `%`)                                | Replace `%` with `percent` `_percent`                                                                                            | `storage.filesystem.utilization` with unit `%` → `storage_filesystem_utilization_percent` |
| Rates (unit contains `/`)                                | Replace `/` with `per`                                                                                                           | `astro.light.speed` with unit `m/s` → `astro_light_speed_meters_per_second`               |
| Dollars (unit is `$`)                                    | Replace `$` with `dollars`                                                                                                       | `crypto.dogecoin.value` with unit `$` → `crypto_dogecoin_value_dollars`                   |
| Counter                                                  | Append `_total`                                                                                                                  | `system.processes.created` → `system_processes_created_total`                             |

> 

Author: This block doesn't have any changes other than replacement of `==>` with `→`

> **Note**
> Prometheus also recommends using base units (no kilobytes, or milliseconds, for example) but these functions will not attempt to convert non-base units to base units.

#### List of transformations performed to convert Prometheus metrics to OpenTelemetry metrics

| Case                                                     | Transformation                                                     | Example                                                                         |
|----------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Non-standard unit (unit is **not** surrounded with `{}`) | Drop the suffix, only if it's defined as UNIT in OpenMetric format | `system_network_dropped_packets` → `system_network_dropped` with unit `packets` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Non-standard unit (unit is **not** surrounded with `{}`) | Drop the suffix if it's defined as a UNIT in the OpenMetrics format | `system_network_dropped_packets` → `system_network_dropped` with the unit `packets` |
```

Is there any list of all of the possible UNITs of the OpenMetrics format? I couldn't find one, but it'd be helpful to link here if there is.
